I love every second in the race car and
I'm so aware of how much that means to
me now because I had it almost had it
taken away from I went in the diabetes
specialist doctor and acknowledge the
stand and they're those moments in your
life where everything stops you know you
have to ask the hard question but if
it's not the answer you want you're
pretty sure you're better off not asking
it it's okay doc no I'm professional
racing driver am I gonna be able to race
again then he said absolutely I don't
see any reason why you shouldn't be able
to drive a race car Charlie Kimball
races with a constant blood sugar
monitor that wirelessly transmits dated
when I'm in the race car I have to
manage my diabetes really aggressively
during the race I'd keep an eye on my
continuous glucose monitor it's a sensor
that I've got in my body wirelessly
transmits to the readout here on the
steering wheel watch that if the numbers
are getting lower than I want drink some
orange juice out of a drinks bottle I've
got here installed mccarn I'm good to go
the technology he's using come on
his disease which is not something
that's widely wide in widespread use
anyway and it's because of that type of
technology I think that I feel very
comfortable but that he's safe in the
race car my first race after I was
diagnosed still gives me goosebumps
thinking about it there was a lot of
anxiety going into the weekend and I I
knew that we had the pretty good car and
and I finished second my dad asked me at
the end of the day he said you know what
did it feel like when you're standing up
on the podium Sydney the biggest sense
was a feeling of relief because I can do
this with diabetes as well or better
than I can without and look at this
Charlie keppel's 190 2.40 to
I have to manage my diabetes but i'm
still a racing I'm very definitely a
racing driver who has diabetes rather
than someone with diabetes who races
cars hopes to use Motorsports as a
platform to let those with diabetes know
that life doesn't have to change but for
you my dream to to winning the Atmos 500
that racing in the car to to make my
mark in open-wheel racing hasn't changed
since my diagnosis when people hear that
I have diabetes oh I'm sorry to hear
that and I'm not I think it's a
perception no you can't do this without
you losing on I'm enjoying proving that
that's not true